Add compose compatibility table. (#8066)
stripe/stripe-android: README.md

}
```

> ### Compose versions

Reviewer: Maybe `Compatibility` or `Compatibility with Jetpack Compose`?

> `stripe-android` uses compose internally, and expects consumers to use a compatible compose version. Compatible versions listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stripe-android` uses Jetpack Compose internally and expects consumers to use a compatible version:
```

<table>
 <tr>

>   <td>20.22.0-20.31.0</td><td>Compose UI 1.4.x</td>

Reviewer: This only shows Compose UI. We should do this for other Compose libraries. In the long term, let’s also figure out how we can automate this.

Author: Compose UI is the important one for compatibility. I'm not sure it's worth the effort to automate it at the moment. We've only changed it a few times in the last year.
